hi everybody its catalina and today i'm
going to make sour crack I really really
love sauerkraut this is such a delicious
condiment and it's also nutritious as
well I really like it because it's very
easy to make and it just makes
everything taste better you can always
buy already made sauerkraut in shops but
the problem is I usually pasteurized so
you're not getting any good bacteria in
there and really that's the whole point
on eating sauerkraut so when you make it
at home you know what you're using you
know ingredients that are in there and
you know that the bacteria is gonna be
there it's very important that you use
organic cabbage really the bodies of
sauerkraut is cabbage you can add any
other spices or vegetables you want but
the base of it is cabbage and you want
to make sure it's organic because when
it's organic really cabbage comes
covered in a lot of bacteria really good
bacteria for your gut and all organic
vegetables are but when you're using a
pesticide a product that has been
treated with pesticides by bacteria is
not there and they're not so nutritious
anyway those vegetables so when you're
using when you are fermenting this
organic cabbage and you put it in these
salted water all that good bacteria is
going to multiply and basically the
cabbage becomes a lot more nutritious
than when you really induce raw cabbage
our crab has a lot of health benefits I
really like it because it improves
digestion and when you have it you don't
have my car hold out of it you have a
desert condiment and basically is going
to help you absorb the nutrients from
your food it's also going to give you
all the enzymes you need to digest your
food is really good for allergies it
really strengthens your immune system
and I really really like it for skins of
you're struggling with any skin problems
and sauerkraut is going to be amazing
for it and like I'm saying so easy to
make so I'm just going to show you now
what you need to make it first of all
you will need some cabbage I like using
both green and purple cabbage I really
want large one is enough to make about 2
liters of sauerkraut I will also add
some fresh carrots a big piece of fresh
ginger but you can add any spices or
herbs that you like I also add some
fresh garlic cloves green chillies and
lastly you will need about 1 or 2
tablespoons of salt for you
Brian the first thing I'm going to do is
remove about two or three of those outer
leaves of these cabbages this cabbages
are very big so those leaves are already
old I'm ready tough and they have some
holes in them so I'm going to be
discarding loose and then with these
leaves that I'm left I'm going to take
about three or four and I'm going to
wash them in some filtered water and I'm
going to set them aside I'm going to be
using those at the end
I don't really wash the whole cabbage
but if your cabbage is dirty and you
want to wash it make sure you're using
filtered water that's very very
important and now I'm going to start the
slicing the cabbage the first thing I do
is remove the core and then I end up
with about the four big pieces and then
I'm going to start slicing it very very
thinly once I'm done with the cabbage
I'm going to place it into a clean
stainless steel pot I'm going to
sprinkle some of the salt on top of it
and I'm going to leave it covered while
I process the rest of the vegetables I'm
also going to grate the carrots and I
went to chop the chilies very very small
I want to be using their seeds because
then it's too spicy I'm also going to be
grating the garlic and the chili and
I'll be adding them on top of the
cabbage I'm going to give that a little
a good mix and I'm going to add the rest
of the salt now using this wood pounder
I'm going to start mashing all of the
vegetables and I'm going to do this for
at least five minutes this is going to
release all of the juices from the
vegetables and that's what you want
because then you have to add less water
and you can see how the look of the
vegetables change they start very
crunchy very crispy and then after I've
done this for a while they become a lot
softer and there is a lot of juice at
the bottom and now I'm going to start
packing the sauerkraut into a clean
mason jar and the way I'm going to do it
is I'm going to add a little bit of that
into the jar and then I'm going to press
it down really hard and then add a
little bit more and then do that with
the pounded again and what you want to
do is remove as much air as possible and
pack it very very tight and then you can
see how it looks from the side there is
a lot of juice in there
and I didn't really add any water to
this this was all the juice that was
released from the vegetables however if
you find that you didn't get a lot of
juice you can always add some filtered
water and now with the clean leaves I
had set aside I'm going to start
following them and putting them on top
of the vegetables the purpose of this is
to use the muscle weight that is going
to keep all of the other vegetables
submerged under water that prevents any
fungal growth in your vegetables and
then I'm going to place the lid of the
mason jar very loosely and I'm going to
let the vegetables sit undisturbed for
any time between a week and a month
well and I hope you enjoy this recipe I
would love to know you have had any
experience with sauerkraut so please let
me know in the comments down below and
thank you for watching bye